Added Amazon S3 destination limited access information (#2265)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/amazon-s3/index.md

hide-personas-partial: true
---

> warning "The Amazon S3 destination will enter Limited Access in Q1 2021"

> > After Q1 2021, users with a currently enabled Amazon S3 destination will be unable to modify the destination or re-enable a disabled Amazon S3 destination. Users who wish to continue using AWS to store their data should migrate to the AWS S3 destination. For more information on migrating to AWS S3, please see the [AWS S3 destination documentation](/docs/connections/storage/catalog/aws-s3/#migrate-an-existing-destination).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After Q1 2021, you will no longer be able to modify existing Amazon S3 destination instances or re-enable a disabled Amazon S3 instance.
> 
> Migrate to the AWS S3 destination to continue storing data in AWS. For more information about migration to AWS S3, see the [AWS S3 destination documentation](/docs/connections/storage/catalog/aws-s3/#migrate-an-existing-destination).
```

## Migrating from Amazon S3 to AWS S3

Segment recommends you migrate from the Amazon S3 destination to the AWS S3 destination.

> Some benefits of using the new AWS S3 destination include: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Benefits of using the new AWS S3 destination include: 
```

> - The AWS S3 destination is compliant with AWS best practice of using an external ID when granting Segment access to your AWS resources (which means using the AWS S3 destination improves the privacy and security of your customer data!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compliance with AWS best practice of using an external ID to grant Segment access to your AWS resources. This improves the privacy and security of your customer data.
```

> - The AWS S3 destination is available in both the US and EU regions, unlike the Amazon S3 destination, which was available only in the US. This new development ensures customer data resides in your preferred region. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Availability in both the US and EU regions, unlike the Amazon S3 destination, which was available only in the US. This ensures customer data resides in your preferred region. 
```
No need to say "The AWS S3 destination" here. The context can be inferred from the beginning of the list.

Also you can omit "new development", we don't need to add a reference to a point in time here.

hide-personas-partial: true
---

> warning "The Amazon S3 destination will enter Limited Access in Q1 2021"

> > After Q1 2021, you will no longer be able to modify existing Amazon S3 destination instances or re-enable a disabled Amazon S3 instance.

Reviewer: As mentioned in our 1-1, we should add here that no **new** Amazon S3 instances can be added either.
